and bezalel and oholiab and every gifted
and bezalel and oholiab and every gifted artisan in whom the Lord has put wisdom
artisan in whom the Lord has put wisdom
artisan in whom the Lord has put wisdom and understanding to know how to do all
and understanding to know how to do all
and understanding to know how to do all manner of work for the service of the
manner of work for the service of the
manner of work for the service of the sanctuary shall do according to all that
sanctuary shall do according to all that
sanctuary shall do according to all that the Lord has commanded when moses called
the Lord has commanded when moses called
the Lord has commanded when moses called bezalel and oholiab
bezalel and oholiab
bezalel and oholiab and every gifted artisan in whose heart
and every gifted artisan in whose heart
and every gifted artisan in whose heart the lord had put wisdom everyone whose
the lord had put wisdom everyone whose
the lord had put wisdom everyone whose heart was stirred to come and do the
heart was stirred to come and do the
heart was stirred to come and do the work and they received from moses all
work and they received from moses all
work and they received from moses all the offering which the children of
the offering which the children of
the offering which the children of israel had brought for the work of the
israel had brought for the work of the
israel had brought for the work of the service of making the sanctuary so they
service of making the sanctuary so they
service of making the sanctuary so they continued bringing to him freewill
continued bringing to him freewill
continued bringing to him freewill offerings every morning and all the
offerings every morning and all the
offerings every morning and all the craftsmen who were doing all the work of
craftsmen who were doing all the work of
craftsmen who were doing all the work of the sanctuary came each from the work he
the sanctuary came each from the work he
the sanctuary came each from the work he was doing and they spoke to Moses the
was doing and they spoke to Moses the
was doing and they spoke to Moses the people bring much more than enough for
people bring much more than enough for
people bring much more than enough for the service of the work which the lord
the service of the work which the lord
the service of the work which the lord commanded us to do so Moses gave a
commanded us to do so Moses gave a
commanded us to do so Moses gave a commandment and they caused it to be
commandment and they caused it to be
commandment and they caused it to be proclaimed throughout the camp
proclaimed throughout the camp
proclaimed throughout the camp let neither man nor woman do any more
let neither man nor woman do any more
let neither man nor woman do any more work for the offering of the sanctuary
work for the offering of the sanctuary
work for the offering of the sanctuary and the people were restrained from
and the people were restrained from
and the people were restrained from bringing for the material they had was
bringing for the material they had was
bringing for the material they had was sufficient for all the work to be done
sufficient for all the work to be done
sufficient for all the work to be done indeed
indeed
indeed too much then all the gifted artisans
too much then all the gifted artisans
too much then all the gifted artisans among them who worked on the tabernacle
among them who worked on the tabernacle
among them who worked on the tabernacle made ten curtains woven of fine linen
made ten curtains woven of fine linen
made ten curtains woven of fine linen and of blue purple and scarlet thread
and of blue purple and scarlet thread
and of blue purple and scarlet thread with artistic designs of cherubim they
with artistic designs of cherubim they
with artistic designs of cherubim they made them the length of each curtain was
made them the length of each curtain was
made them the length of each curtain was 28 cubits and the width of each curtain
28 cubits and the width of each curtain
28 cubits and the width of each curtain four cubits the curtains were all the
four cubits the curtains were all the
four cubits the curtains were all the same size and he coupled five curtains
same size and he coupled five curtains
same size and he coupled five curtains to one another and the other five
to one another and the other five
to one another and the other five curtains he coupled to one another
curtains he coupled to one another
curtains he coupled to one another he made loops of blue yarn on the edge
he made loops of blue yarn on the edge
he made loops of blue yarn on the edge of the curtain on the selvage of one set
of the curtain on the selvage of one set
of the curtain on the selvage of one set likewise he did on the outer edge of the
likewise he did on the outer edge of the
likewise he did on the outer edge of the other curtain of the second set fifty
other curtain of the second set fifty
other curtain of the second set fifty loops he made on one curtain and fifty
loops he made on one curtain and fifty
loops he made on one curtain and fifty loops he made on the edge of the curtain
loops he made on the edge of the curtain
loops he made on the edge of the curtain on the end of the second set the loops
on the end of the second set the loops
on the end of the second set the loops held one curtain to another and he made
held one curtain to another and he made
held one curtain to another and he made fifty clasps of a gold and coupled the
fifty clasps of a gold and coupled the
fifty clasps of a gold and coupled the curtains to one another with the clasps
curtains to one another with the clasps
curtains to one another with the clasps that it might be one tabernacle he made
that it might be one tabernacle he made
that it might be one tabernacle he made curtains of goat's hair for the tent
curtains of goat's hair for the tent
curtains of goat's hair for the tent over the tabernacle he made eleven
over the tabernacle he made eleven
over the tabernacle he made eleven curtains the length of each curtain was
curtains the length of each curtain was
curtains the length of each curtain was thirty cubits and the width of each
thirty cubits and the width of each
thirty cubits and the width of each curtain four cubits the eleven curtains
curtain four cubits the eleven curtains
curtain four cubits the eleven curtains were the same size he coupled five
were the same size he coupled five
were the same size he coupled five curtains by themselves and six curtains
curtains by themselves and six curtains
curtains by themselves and six curtains by themselves and he made fifty loops on
by themselves and he made fifty loops on
by themselves and he made fifty loops on the edge of the curtain that is
the edge of the curtain that is
the edge of the curtain that is outermost in one set and
outermost in one set and
outermost in one set and 50 loops he made on the edge of the
50 loops he made on the edge of the
50 loops he made on the edge of the curtain of the second set he also made
curtain of the second set he also made
curtain of the second set he also made fifty bronze clasps to couple the tent
fifty bronze clasps to couple the tent
fifty bronze clasps to couple the tent together that it might be one then he
together that it might be one then he
together that it might be one then he made a covering for the tent of RAM
made a covering for the tent of RAM
made a covering for the tent of RAM skins dyed red and a covering of badger
skins dyed red and a covering of badger
skins dyed red and a covering of badger skins above that for the tabernacle he
skins above that for the tabernacle he
skins above that for the tabernacle he made balls of acacia wood standing
made balls of acacia wood standing
made balls of acacia wood standing upright the length of each board was ten
upright the length of each board was ten
upright the length of each board was ten cubits and the width of each board a
cubits and the width of each board a
cubits and the width of each board a cubit and a half each board had two
cubit and a half each board had two
cubit and a half each board had two Tenon's for binding one to another thus
Tenon's for binding one to another thus
Tenon's for binding one to another thus he made for all the boards of the
he made for all the boards of the
he made for all the boards of the tabernacle and he made boards for the
tabernacle and he made boards for the
tabernacle and he made boards for the Tabernacles twenty boards for the
Tabernacles twenty boards for the
Tabernacles twenty boards for the Southside forty sockets of silver he
Southside forty sockets of silver he
Southside forty sockets of silver he made to go under the twenty balls two
made to go under the twenty balls two
made to go under the twenty balls two sockets unto each of the balls for its
sockets unto each of the balls for its
sockets unto each of the balls for its two Tenon's and for the other side of
two Tenon's and for the other side of
two Tenon's and for the other side of the tabernacle the north side
the tabernacle the north side
the tabernacle the north side he made twenty boards and their forty
he made twenty boards and their forty
he made twenty boards and their forty sockets of silver two sockets under each
sockets of silver two sockets under each
sockets of silver two sockets under each of the boards for the west side of the
of the boards for the west side of the
of the boards for the west side of the tabernacle he made six boards he also
tabernacle he made six boards he also
tabernacle he made six boards he also made two boards for the two back corners
made two boards for the two back corners
made two boards for the two back corners of the tabernacle and they were coupled
of the tabernacle and they were coupled
of the tabernacle and they were coupled at the bottom and coupled together at
at the bottom and coupled together at
at the bottom and coupled together at the top by one ring
the top by one ring
the top by one ring thus he made both of them for the two
thus he made both of them for the two
thus he made both of them for the two corners so there were eight boards and
corners so there were eight boards and
corners so there were eight boards and their sockets sixteen sockets of silver
their sockets sixteen sockets of silver
their sockets sixteen sockets of silver two sockets under each of the boards and
two sockets under each of the boards and
two sockets under each of the boards and he made bars of acacia wood five for the
he made bars of acacia wood five for the
he made bars of acacia wood five for the boards on the one side of the tabernacle
boards on the one side of the tabernacle
boards on the one side of the tabernacle five bars for the boards on the other
five bars for the boards on the other
five bars for the boards on the other side of the tabernacle and five bars for
side of the tabernacle and five bars for
side of the tabernacle and five bars for the boards of the tabernacle on the far
the boards of the tabernacle on the far
the boards of the tabernacle on the far side Westwood and he made the middle bar
side Westwood and he made the middle bar
side Westwood and he made the middle bar to pass through the boards from one end
to pass through the boards from one end
to pass through the boards from one end to the other he overlaid the boards with
to the other he overlaid the boards with
to the other he overlaid the boards with gold made their rings of gold to be
gold made their rings of gold to be
gold made their rings of gold to be holders for the bars and overlaid the
holders for the bars and overlaid the
holders for the bars and overlaid the bars with gold and he made a veil of
bars with gold and he made a veil of
bars with gold and he made a veil of blue purple and scarlet thread and fine
blue purple and scarlet thread and fine
blue purple and scarlet thread and fine woven linen it was worked with an
woven linen it was worked with an
woven linen it was worked with an artistic design of cherubim
artistic design of cherubim
artistic design of cherubim he made for it four pillars of acacia
he made for it four pillars of acacia
he made for it four pillars of acacia wood and overlaid them with gold with
wood and overlaid them with gold with
wood and overlaid them with gold with their hooks of gold and he cast four
their hooks of gold and he cast four
their hooks of gold and he cast four sockets of silver for them he also made
sockets of silver for them he also made
sockets of silver for them he also made a screen for the tabernacle door of blue
a screen for the tabernacle door of blue
a screen for the tabernacle door of blue purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven
purple and scarlet thread and fine woven linen made by a weaver and it's five
linen made by a weaver and it's five
linen made by a weaver and it's five pillars with their hooks and he overlaid
pillars with their hooks and he overlaid
pillars with their hooks and he overlaid their capitals and their rings with gold
their capitals and their rings with gold
their capitals and their rings with gold but their five sockets were bronze
but their five sockets were bronze
but their five sockets were bronze [Music]